[docs] Fix multi-column index example (#19851)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/explore/indexes-constraints/secondary-indexes-ysql.md

To add a multi-column index to an existing table, you can use the following syntax:

```sql
CREATE INDEX index_name ON table_name ((col2,col3,col4));
```

> If you include nested parenthesis between the columns as per the preceding syntax, you will have to perform search using all the columns col2,col3, and col4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you enclose the columns in nested parentheses as per the preceding syntax, you will have to perform search using all the columns (col2, col3, and col4).
```
